6.0.0 MVU upgrade docs update (#946)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/admin/deploy/docker-compose/upgrade.mdx

### Multi-version upgrades

> > **⚠️ Attention:** Multiversion upgrades **require downtime**, please see our [cautionary note](/admin/updates/#best-practices) on upgrades, if you have any concerns about running a multiversion upgrade, please reach out to us at [support@sourcegraph.com](mailto:support@sourcegraph.com) for advisement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <Callout type="warning">Multiversion upgrades **require downtime**, please see our [cautionary note](/admin/updates/#best-practices) on upgrades, if you have any concerns about running a multiversion upgrade, please reach out to us at [support@sourcegraph.com](mailto:support@sourcegraph.com) for advisement. </Callout>
```

Let's use our warning callout instead :)

To perform a multi-version upgrade via migrators [upgrade](/admin/updates/migrator/migrator-operations#upgrade) command on a Sourcegraph instance running on Docker compose follow the procedure below:

1. **Check Upgrade Readiness**:
   - Check the [upgrade notes](/admin/updates/docker_compose#docker-compose-upgrade-notes) for the version range you're passing through.
   - Check the `Site Admin > Updates` page to determine [upgrade readiness](/admin/updates/#upgrade-readiness).

2. **Pull and merge upstream changes**:

>    - Follow the [standard upgrade procedure](#standard-upgrades) to pull and merge upstream changes from the version you are upgrading to to your `release` branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Follow the [standard upgrade procedure](#standard-upgrades) to pull and merge upstream changes from the version you are upgrading to your `release` branch.
```

3. **Disable Connections to the Database**:
   - Stop running containers connected to the databases and the databases:
   ```
   $ docker-compose down --remove-orphans
   ```

4. **Run Migrator with the `upgrade` command**:
   - *For more detailed instructions and available command flags see our [migrator docs](/admin/updates/migrator/migrator-operations#upgrade).*
    1. If the migrator `image:` in your `docker-compose.yaml` wasn't updated to in the **latest** release of `migrator` in step 2 set migrator's image to the latest release.
    **Example:**
    ```yaml
    migrator:
      container_name: migrator

>       image: 'index.docker.io/sourcegraph/migrator:6.0.0'

Reviewer 3: we may want to use `CURRENT_VERSION_STRING` stuff here?

Author: I'd be into doing this as a revision later yea, at the moment I think we just need to ship this, and a lot of SG uses this stuff

    ```
    2. Set the migrator `command:` to `upgrade` you'll need to supply a `--to=` argument to the version you're upgrading to. 
    **Example:**
    ```yaml
    command: ['upgrade', '--from=v5.9.0', '--to=v6.0.0']
    ```
    > *Note: you may add the `--dry-run` flag to the `command:` to test things out before altering the dbs*
    3. Run migrator with `docker-compose up migrator` 
    

>     - Migrator `depends_on:` will ensure that the databases are ready before attempting to run migrator. Ensuring that database entrypoint scripts are run before migrator attempts to connect to the databases. For users upgrading from a version earliar than `5.10.0` a PostrgreSQL version is required and will be performed automatically here. For more details see [Upgradeing PostgreSQL](/admin/postgresql#upgrading-postgresql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Migrator `depends_on:` will ensure the databases are ready before attempting to run the migrator. Ensuring that database entry point scripts are run before the migrator attempts to connect to the databases. For users upgrading from a version earlier than `5.10.0`, a PostgreSQL version is required and will be performed automatically here. For more details, see [Upgradeing PostgreSQL](/admin/postgresql#upgrading-postgresql).
```

>     - Migrator `depends_on:` will ensure that the databases are ready before attempting to run migrator. Ensuring that database entrypoint scripts are run before migrator attempts to connect to the databases. For users upgrading from a version earliar than `5.10.0` a PostrgreSQL version is required and will be performed automatically here. For more details see [Upgradeing PostgreSQL](/admin/postgresql#upgrading-postgresql).

Reviewer 2: earlier*

Reviewer 2: Upgrading*
